[theme music starts]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
AMNESIA
[computer blipping]
[tense music]
[monitor whirring]
[electricity crackles]
[humming]
[theme music]
[Mrs. Hertz] Here we have the "nanosphere"
that the Nano Tech Services company
was kind enough to lend us.
Who can tell us
what nanotechnology is?
[geeky groaning]
-Jeremy, go on.
-It's microscopic size technology.
There are nanomotors,
nanocircuit boards and nanogears.
-[Herb and Sissi hum]
-[Mrs. Hertz] Exactly.
In the medical field, for example,
scientists are developing "nanodoctors,"
tiny machines which will be able to travel
through our bodies to combat disease.
Scientific research however
still has a long way to go.
Are these robots capable of fighting
pimples, cellulite and things like that?
[laughs]
Yes, they can, but the priority
is for more serious illnesses.
And nanotechnology
can't do a thing about stupidity.
Poor Sissi, what a shame!
-[Mrs. Hertz] All right now, quiet down.
-[Sissi groans]
[Mrs. Hertz] So, this nanosphere
is used to make microscopic devices.
Strange, it hasn't been cleaned properly.
There's gelatin inside.
[Ulrich] It looks like the greasy stuff
Odd puts on his hair every day.
Since you think you're so clever, Ulrich,
why don't you take a sample
for us to examine?
The gelatin is used as a culture
where nanodevices can develop.
It looks an awful lot like jam.
-[Ulrich groans]
-[Odd] Sorry, but I just couldn't resist.
[students laugh]
[Ulrich] I'll get you for that, Odd!
[Mrs. Hertz] This is a science class,
not a comedy club!
[soft music]
This nanotechnology is incredible!
Now there's a field
I'd like to work on in the future.
I have enough trouble with normal size
technology, much less microscopic.
-Hey, that looks good. Can I have some?
-[Ulrich] Here.
[Odd groans]
-I warned you.
-[everyone laughs]
Yeah... [laughing]
But taking advantage
of my sweet tooth wasn't fair.
I said I'd... [groans]
-[Odd grunts]
-[Ulrich groans]
Ulrich, what is it?
[groaning] It's my head! I...
[Jim hums]
-[Yumi] Ulrich!
-[Odd] Hey, Ulrich!
[Jim] What's going on around here?
Ulrich passed out.
[Jim grunts]
I'll take him to the infirmary.
-[Ulrich moans]
-[Jim plods]
-He was just fine this morning.
-I know. It's really weird.
[Sissi grunts]
[Dorothy] All right.
Get some rest now, Ulrich.
[sighs]
[Sissi gasping]
[Dorothy] What are you doing here?
[Sissi] I wanted to find out
how Ulrich was.
Much better. He's asleep.
-Just a second. Can I see him?
-[hesitating] I don't know, I…
You see, I'm his best friend.
[hesitating] Eh...
[Dorothy] All right, but not for too long.
[Sissi tittering]
[sighs joyfully]
You're so handsome
when you sleep.
-[Ulrich sighs]
-[Sissi surprised]
[Ulrich grunts]
Where am I anyway?
In the infirmary. You passed out.
-[Sissi sighs]
-The infirmary?
What infirmary?
[whimpers]
Who am I? What's my name?
Huh? Eh... Ulrich.
Ulrich?
You must've hit your head
when you fell down.
[grunts]
-And who are you?
-Me? I'm Sissi.
Eh?
Sissi...
your sweetheart.
[groans]
-[Sissi] Uh?
-[Ulrich groans]
Watch it!
Ulrich, when are you gonna admit
you're mad about me?
You're kidding.
I'm allergic to anyone who's conceited.
[hums]
You're your own favorite fan club!
[students laugh]
[groaning]
-[Sissi grumbles]
-[Ulrich] My sweetheart?
-[door opens]
-[Dorothy] Our patient is awake, I see.
-Ulrich, how are you?
-[Ulrich hesitates]
Oh, much better.
I'll take him to his room.
[Ulrich groans]
Are you sure you're all right?
[Jim plods and groans]
[Jim] What is this, an epidemic?
[Sissi] Come on, hurry!
[theme music]
[Herb and Nicolas surprised]
-[Milly] Well, what d'ya know!
-[Sissi grunts]
[Sissi] See those three kids there?
They're your worst enemies.
[Ulrich] But why?
[grunts]
Hey, it's Ulrich.
What's going on? Why is he with Sissi?
[grunts]
You feeling better, good buddy?
Who are you? Huh? Leave me alone, creep!
[Odd grunts]
Come on, it's me, Odd.
That's enough. Can't you see?
He doesn't wanna know you.
So stay away from us! Understand?
[they sigh]
What's the matter with him?
[Yumi and Jeremy grunt]
Ulrich, these are your good friends,
Nicolas and Herb.
[grunting]
[Sissi] He forgets things.
You'd better remind him! [grunts]
I'm very thirsty.
[grunting]
[Sissi] You know what would be good
for you? A walk in the park.
[Ulrich groans]
Here, thanks.
[grunts]
[Jeremy]
He didn't recognize us. It's crazy.
Could be amnesia.
-Let's go see what the nurse says.
-[Jeremy] Good idea.
[Odd]
I've gotta bring him back to his senses.
Sissi and Ulrich? Can you believe that?
[sighs]
[theme music]
[tense music]
[Sissi] Here. You need the energy.
Ulrich, what do you feel knowing
you're with the prettiest girl in school?
-Well, to be honest, nothing.
-[Sissi] What did you say?
[Ulrich] What I mean is
you're really not my type.
[grunts]
At least, he's not completely
out of his head yet.
[Ulrich grunts]
Ah!
[grunts] Hey, what are you doing?
Spying on me?
No, I was just...
-You're a liar!
-[Odd] Ulrich, cut that out.
We're buddies, remember?
That's not what she says,
so get outta here, and make it fast!
Okay, don't get all worked up.
[gasps]
[groans]
Ulrich, are you all right? Come on.
Ulrich and Sissi! Just the two of you.
This could be the beginning
of a big romance.
Oh, forget it.
She's gonna be a pain in the neck
the whole time.
[Sissi] Come sit down. You need to rest.
I'm sorry, but...
What I need is to be alone.
[whimpers]
[Sissi munches]
[sad music]
The answer is no!
Can't you see I have no time?
I don't know what's happening,
but it's an epidemic!
[Jeremy and Yumi grunt]
[Tamiya groans]
[Yumi] We can stay and help you
if you want.
The best way to help
is to stay out of my way!
[Yumi] Maybe Odd had more luck.
[Odd panting]
No doubt about it.
Ulrich's got amnesia.
I thought he was gonna slug me just now!
It's a real epidemic,
according to the nurse.
But you don't catch amnesia.
It's not contagious.
Something's really weird.
We'd better ask a doctor about it.
Too bad that nanodoctors don't exist yet.
Nanodoctor...
Now I understand!
[Jeremy grunts]
[Odd grunts]
[ominous music]
[Jeremy panting]
[Yumi] Mrs. Hertz!
[Mrs. Hertz] Oh... where am I?
[Yumi] You'll be all right.
[Jeremy] Look at this.
[Odd] It's the gelatin from this morning.
[beeping]
[expressing disgust]
What are those ugly creatures?
What I was afraid of.
They're nanoviruses.
And XANA must have crated them
to attack memory cells.
That means that it is contagious!
[Jeremy] Like all viruses, you can
catch it from food, contact, sneezing...
Soon the whole school will be infected,
including us!
[Odd] A world without memory...
[Yumi] Under XANA's control.
[Jeremy] Let's go to the factory fast.
Aelita must be in danger on Lyoko.
And Ulrich... we're gonna need him.
No, Odd, it's Ulrich who needs our help.
He'll only get well
if we can deactivate the tower.
Yumi's right.
Besides, if he can't remember anything,
he won't be much good to us.
[Mrs. Hertz groans]
[theme music]
[footsteps]
-[student grunts]
-[Ulrich grunts]
Excuse me, is my room around here?
-[student grunts]
-[Ulrich grunts]
Has everyone gone crazy around here?
Third door on the right.
[Ulrich grunts] I…
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[Kiwi pants]
I don't know who you are...
but it seems we're friends.
[Ulrich grunts]
[background laughs]
[everyone pants]
[Milly and Tamiya grunt]
[Jeremy groans]
[Yumi] Not a minute to lose!
[Yumi pants]
[groans]
[grunts]
[Ulrich] What's going on around here?
[principal groans]
-[annoying noise]
-[Ulrich groans]
Ulrich, I'm so glad you came.
You really know how to cheer someone up.
[grunts]
[action music]
[Odd grunts]
[grunts intensely] Yeah!
[Jeremy] Aelita?
I haven't seen anything to worry about
either in the forest or the desert area.
[Jeremy]
Okay, beam yourself over to the mountains.
I'll send Yumi and Odd to the glacier.
The activated tower's gotta be somewhere!
-[groans]
-[grunting from far]
[Jeremy] Okay.
Ready for the North Pole?
-[Jeremy] We're on our way, Aelita.
-[Aelita] Okay.
[Jeremy] Through the tunnel in the park.
Ten seconds to transfer time.
[metallic door opens]
[Jeremy] Transfer Odd.
Transfer Yumi.
Scanner Odd.
Scanner Yumi.
Virtualization.
[Yumi and Odd grunt]
[Jeremy]
Okay, take the access on your right.
-[Odd] Right, boss.
-[Yumi groans]
Aelita, anything new?
No, I haven't been all over yet,
but still no vibrations.
[Jeremy] Be careful.
Yumi and Odd are pretty far away.
[Ulrich groans]
[screams]
[Ulrich grunts]
[Odd panting]
[Odd] Watch out!
[Yumi groans]
[Jeremy]
Yumi, you just lost 20 life points.
[Yumi grunts]
[Odd]
Jeremy, we've got a welcoming committee.
[Jeremy]
Don't panic. There's just one crab,
but it means
the activated tower can't be far.
I'll warn Aelita.
-[Yumi grunts]
-[Jeremy] He's coming towards you, Yumi!
[Yumi] Don't worry.
He just wants to play hide and seek.
Playful little beast!
[tense music]
[hums]
[Ulrich] Wow!
[Jeremy] Ulrich!
What am I doing here?
What kind of place is this?
I can't tell you now.
We've got an emergency.
Look, I can't remember anything,
but I have something important to do here.
-Tell me what it is.
-Well uh... Sure, why not?
Once you're on Lyoko, you'll have
to do something, amnesia or not.
[Ulrich] What's Lyoko?
It's… Look...
See that pillar behind you?
-You've gotta slide up one level.
-Uh?
You'll see a few scanners.
-Get into one of them, and then just wait.
-[mutters]
[Jeremy]
You'll get all the answers you want.
[grunts]
[theme music]
[upbeat music]
-[beeping]
-[Yumi] Yoohoo.
[Yumi] Over here.
Hey, Crabby.
Ya!
[Jeremy] Target hit.
[Odd grunting]
Nice going, Yumi.
Two things guys: one, Aelita's waiting
on the other side of the glacier.
-And two?
-Two, Ulrich's on the way.
[Odd] Ulrich? I'll wait for him here.
[Yumi panting] Better hurry.
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Transfer Ulrich.
Scanner Ulrich.
Virtualization.
[Ulrich groans]
Ouch!
[mutters]
[Odd]
Welcome to the virtual world, Ulrich.
[Ulrich] What is this place?
What are we here for?
-To fight, of course.
-To fight?
-I don't know how to fight.
-But of course you do.
You just forgot,
but I'll refresh your memory.
[Odd grunts]
Oh!
[Odd mutters]
[grunts] Okay, come on!
[pants]
Hello, Aelita.
I found the activated tower.
We're almost there.
Lead the way!
-[Ulrich] Yeah!
-[Odd grunts]
You're just dodging my blows.
-Don't you have a weapon?
-[groans]
I have a few arrows,
but I prefer to save them for now.
[grunts]
And I don't wanna hurt you with them.
-[groans]
-[Ulrich] Oh yeah? No kidding!
[Ulrich grunts] Yeah!
[Aelita] We're almost there.
[Yumi] Yeah, it seems almost too easy.
I have a funny feeling about this.
I'm sick of always being right!
-[Yumi] That way!
-[Aelita gasps]
[Yumi] Four against one.
Well, it's better than five or six.
[Jeremy] Hang in there girls.
I'll try to send you reinforcements.
First, let's get rid of two of them.
[tense music]
[Aelita]
Hurry, it's not gonna hold for long!
[grunts] Hey, you ought to save
your strength. You're gonna need it.
[Ulrich] Why? Are there other levels?
I like it here.
-It's a video game, but for real.
-Yeah, but now it's time to stop.
Aelita and Yumi need you.
[Ulrich hums] Who said that?
[Odd] Jeremy, come on.
[Ulrich] Hey, wait,
we haven't finished the game.
[Ulrich runs and grunts]
[theme music]
Again? Yumi, be careful.
You've only got a few life points left!
[Yumi] Ya!
[Jeremy] Nice going, Yumi.
[Yumi] One to go!
Hurry, Yumi! The wall's not gonna last!
[pants]
-[Ulrich] There. I win the game.
-[groans]
-[Odd] Yeah, but you beat an ally.
-What?
Now that you know who your friends are,
it's time to meet your enemies.
Huh? Enemies? What enemies?
They're crabs. Monsters created by XANA.
Listen, I can't explain now.
Yumi and Aelita need our help.
And right now.
[Ulrich and Odd grunt]
[digital whirring]
[Aelita surprised]
To get rid of them,
you have to hit the thing on their shell
that looks like an eye.
[Ulrich] Sounds easy enough. Yeah!
[Ulrich] Yeah!
-[laser blast]
-[Odd] Laser arrow!
[mechanical clanking]
[Ulrich grunts]
Ulrich! Oh!
[alarm]
What happened to her?
[pants]
Nothing serious.
We've gotta protect Aelita.
[Aelita yells]
I'll take care of it.
It's good to see Ulrich
with his memory back again.
You're wrong. He's still got amnesia.
[Yumi hums]
Ya!
Ya, ya!
[strong effort]
[Aelita] Thanks
for clearing the passage!
Eh? She's leaving?
[stammers] Not exactly total recall.
[groans]
[Ulrich] Jeremy, I'm coming!
No, I'm Odd!
[Ulrich grunts]
[Odd] Here we go!
[resonant voice]
[sighing]
-[Odd] Laser arrow!
-[Ulrich] Impact!
-[Odd grunts]
-[Ulrich exhales]
Great guys. You're one heck of a team!
Is that it? No other players?
No, we can go home. The game is over.
Huh? But how?
Magic! Watch.
Return to the past now!
[Mrs. Hertz] Exactly.
In the medical field, for example,
scientists are developing "nanodoctors,"
tiny machines which will be able to travel
through our bodies to combat disease.
Scientific research however,
still has a long way to go.
Are these robots capable of fighting
pimples, cellulite and things like that?
[laughs] Yes, they can, but the priority
is for more serious illnesses.
[students laugh]
And nanotechnology
can't do a thing about stupidity.
Poor Sissi! What a shame!
-[students laugh]
-[Sissi groans]
[Mrs. Hertz] All right now, quiet down.
This nanosphere
is used to make microscopic devices.
Strange, it hasn't been cleaned properly.
There's gelatin inside.
[Ulrich] It looks like the greasy stuff
Odd puts on his hair every day.
Since you think you're clever, Ulrich,
why don't you take a sample
for us to examine?
It's used as a culture
where nanodevices can develop.
Anyway, it looks an awful lot like jam.
Let's try to cook it. You never can tell.
[Milly grunts]
[Mrs. Hertz] Ulrich, what are you doing?
[Ulrich hums]
How dare you destroy school equipment!
I'll have to punish you severely for that.
And it's going to be a punishment
you won't forget!
[Ulrich] I hope not, Mrs. Hertz.
I sure hope not.
[stammers]
[students laugh]
[theme music]